It is the duty of the strong, to protect the weak and innocent, for the monsters in the dark never sleep and never rest. They temp and corrupt, they kill and burn, they pillage and rape.
In the life of every man comes a night, when he stands face to face against such terrors for the first time.
For all the things that happened during my youth, I blame the town Ardino, where I spent my early years. I blame the monsters in the depths of the town, the monsters masquerading in the skins of men as wolf in sheep clothing. I fail to remember my father, for I was too young, when he died. Many times I wonder what befell him, my mother refused to tell me. After he died, my mother was struggling financially, she started gambling and begging on the streets of old Ardino. Truth be told, she was struggling as a mother as well. Beatings, scoldings and punishments were frequent on daily basis. Though I never blamed her. Did not take long for her to fall victim to many forces, or rather entities, plaguing the town and she got indebted to people from a cult. Until this day I do not know which eldritch or antediluvian evil they served, but the whole town was permeating the nauseous, putrid atmosphere originating in that decrepit church.
That cursed dawn strangers in robes came into our home and took us both to that church. Before I knew what's happening, my mother got bound to a wooden pole, a fire was lit under her feet. No need to state, that no one could ever forget the voice of their own mother being burnt at the stake or the smell of her burning flesh. The words, or rather screams that were uttered shortly thereafter, scarred me even more. She offered her child to repay the debts, pleaded and begged to take me instead of her. My memories of what happened after are blurry but I remember the flames to be extinguished and my mom falling to her knees.
They locked me in a dark room, only me and my thoughts. I presumed it was a basement of that damned church, as I could hear muffled speech of the cloaked figures. I was stuck in the encroaching darkness, unable to count the days or see the sunlight. I don't know how long was I kept here, but now I assume it was at least few unending weeks spent in that damp cell. When I was finally let out, they lead me to a stone, carven altar devoted to that eldritch entity. At that point I was largely apathetic to any stimuli, being reduced to mostly a husk but the terror that ran through my spine was paralyzing. More than that, it was *unnatural*. As if fingers were jammed into my brain, rummaging through my thoughts and robbing me of last memories of my childhood. I was fortunate, that my abductors were likely relying that the terror clutching my mind will immobilize me but thanks to some holy intervention, my consciousness managed to bring my legs to run through the old graveyard. Now I understand, that only the help from above could save me from their clutches, otherwise I would have perished on that cold stone. Not looking back, I escaped that decrepit church and the outlying cemetery, even the very Ardino. 
For some time I was wandering through the city streets, looking for odd jobs or anything that would pay for the food. Later on, I began joining caravans, protecting them from the dangers on the road. Eventually I joined a cleric order, becoming a servant of the very being that saved me on that night.
I found my calling protecting the weak and innocent from the dangers. The dangers of the night, the dangers of the beyond, or even themselves. For the monsters in the dark never sleep and never rest.
I will never forgot my birthtown of Ardino. The streets, that brought my mother to poverty. The decrepit church and graveyard where she burned at the stake and where I was imprisoned and nearly sacrificed. I feel nothing but disgust and hatred for those, wanting to burn that place to the ground and not leave a stone untouched. For a place that cursed has no right to exist. 
Even then, I have never planned to return. Maybe I just couldn't find the strength to do so. Until tonight...